I did the assignment not knowing that I should've written down my milestones and stuff in a project thingy on GitHub. So, to compensate for that, I am going to be making a reflection doc! Yay! Anyways, at the start, I was unsure of what math I should be making inside of my code. I figured that I would start off with simple addition just to get the code to work and setup a proper workflow. I got that 
working pretty quickly. Then decided to do different bases inside my program. So, you add to numbers in base 10, then you have to figure
out what that number is in that specified base. I then ran into the problem of coding multiple screens. Originally, I just put square buttons on the screen, and if the mouse was in between 2 specific points X & Y, it triggers the new screen. But the problem was that you can't actually delete the square when you go to a new screen. So, I decided that I needed a button. I looked for a while on different websites but I came to the conclusion that I had to import a library. I imported a library with buttons. Unfortunately, I couldn't make a 
main screen and delete the buttons as I went on because the delete function was really buggy. So I just displayed the different buttons on
the bottom and left it there. Next, I set up the program for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Division was tricky
because I didn't want any decimals. It would be hard to figure out what 3.4 is in base 2. So, I had to make a little function making sure
that the number wasn't a decimal. Afterwards, I decided to turn my focus on making the game. After browsing through ideas, I figured
that it would be safest making a sidescroller game. I had to figure out how to make a jump function, which was the hardest part.
The rest was pretty easy, adding lives, making a square object come at you. Then, I decided to jazz it up a little and import images and sound because why not, right? Anyways, I learned how to use a proper workflow using GitHub and Processing. I learned how to import different libraries, and I learned new problem solving skills. I regret not using branches to display the different ideas I had. I also
regret not creating a project to log my progress. Which is why I made a project a few days ago to log different milestones I attempted to achieve and ones that I tried, but I couldn't attain it. 
